This project is a Java file that was completed as a past university project. The file takes user input in the form of a number and outputs a response based on the question the user is on. The first question allows the user any number between one and 47 and the terminal will output the respecitve United States president that served in that position. The response pulls from data that was manually input into the code. The user is able to run through the generator as many times as they would like as there is a prompt offered at the end allowing the user to try again, or to move onto the next answer generator.

The next answer generator allows users to input any number between one and 45 and will display a famous athlete that wears that number or wore it in the past. Like the answer generator above, the athlete data was hard coded into the file so that it can easily refer to that information. Again, the user will be able to try as many numbers as they would like before moving onto the next topic. Please note that some the athlete information may be outdated.

The last answer generator relates to basic math help. The user is again able to enter any number between one and 45, but this time the outcome will display that number squared. For example, if the user entered two, the answer would be four. If they entered three, then the answer would be nine, and so on. Like above, the user is able to gather info on as many numbers as they would like before being given the option to end the program.
